NMS-14756: Update Quick Start based on ONMSU feedback (#5302)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/quick-start/notifications.adoc

== Enable notifications

> Notifications are disabled by default in a fresh {page-component-title} installation.
> A red bell icon in the menu bar indicates this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifications are disabled by default in a fresh {page-component-title} installation, as indicated by the red bell symbol in the menu bar:
```

image::notifications/red-bell-notifications.png[red bell notifications,300]

Follow these steps to enable notifications:

. Log out of the `admin` account and log in as the user you created in <<quick-start/users.adoc, Step 1: First-Time Login>>.
. Click the *Gear* symbol in the top-right of the screen.

> . Under Event Management, click *On* beside Notification Status, and click *Update*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under Event Management, click *On* beside Notification Status, and click *Update*.
The red bell symbol in the top menu bar turns green, indicating that notifications are enabled globally.
```

image::notifications/notifications-on.png[notifications-on, 300]

> The red bell symbol in the top menu bar turns green, indicating that notifications are enabled globally.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The `Email-Admin` destination path is defined by default, and is the notification path when no other destination paths are specified.
It sends email notifications to users in the Admin group.

> This example specifies a destination path that sends notifications to users in the Admin group (currently just the admin user) and to an email address you specify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example specifies a destination path that sends notifications to users in the Admin group (currently just the admin user) and to an email address that you specify.
```

. Click the *Gear* symbol in the top-right of the screen.
. Under Event Management, click *Configure Notifications*.
. Under Configure Notifications, click *Configure Destination Paths*.
. Click *New Path* and configure it:
.. Specify a name for the path (for example, Email-Bob) and define an initial delay.
.. Click *Edit*.

> .. Under *Send to Selected Groups*, click `Admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Under Send to Selected Groups, choose `Admin`.
```

.. Click *Add Address*, type an email address in the box, and click *OK*
+

> The address appears in the *Send to Email Addresses* list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The address appears in the Send to Email Addresses list.
```

.. Click *Next Step*.
.. (Optional) Define a delay interval for group notification.
This will determine the delay between sending notifications to each member of a group.
+
For example, defining a five minute delay will mean that, when a notification is generated, the first member of the group will be notified immediately.
Subsequent members will then be notified in five-minute increments, from the top of the list of group members to the bottom.
.. Click *Next Step*.
.. Select `javaEmail` from the list of commands and make sure it is on.
.. Click *Next Step*.
+

> The `Admin` group and the email address you specified appear in the *Initial Targets* list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Admin` group and the email address you specified appear in the Initial Targets list.
```
